here begins the process to have a good master
first is to select the pig
to sacrifice in time of mountain time of killings father for January
offer
then we gave him the race and the farms
to the type of food that will carry this toxin
sarkozy claimed them that they are eating the beauty that fall to the ground already has
started to eat in acorns
recently montanera
and so they have to end up putting as a third of their weight talking about
hundreds of 50 or 60 kilos more than they have now that what they are going to put
exclusively replenish of vido after the field after killing airline
that the ham the role
in that currency everything
in fact possible
the first day I spoke the cut
typical of fashion
where it is done at 24 hours when the sample
Élian Periz
tahoces will now find the characteristic way that because we know already
love
the parliament of navarra has also approved giving him vine
once profiled the ham comes
wings to fame the salting chamber the following process and one of the most
important
the ham sector
punished at the end
and a little bit of need health issues
-It is salted with sauce
was during the only seasoning that yesterday agreed to take natural strength is by
solve is made with salt
maritza exist between 8 and 10 days
then it happened to the wash and in these cameras they are camera
of settlement where the ideal microclimate is made
so that I do not suffer you I love them no shock
strong temperature here what was spilled
a microclimate with said ideal is low temperatures the number of jumps
the measure that time goes by
known in which the temperature goes up and low humidity
so we're in last January
good because we do not have little by little the leg
that is the last step towards healing
that day he
the penultimate step and the healing completely natural and with a map
to ventilate is to open close windows
the interblock dodge there are of bad of the east and when there is a good
cold north what it is that gives the aroma and age was the color
characteristic here of the zone depending on the pscl of the piece
they spent a minimum of two years there before moving to the tinelli winery
palate